most of us here enjoy the idea of a free
market the ability to exchange goods and
services without government regulation
provided that those goods and services
don't bring harm to anyone or infringe
on anyone's rights but as we all know
whenever we try to do anything without
regulation well the government doesn't
like that very much I'm about to see a
few words that are gonna get this ready
your buddy than the algorithm Ross
Ulbricht better known by his online
pseudonym Dread Pirate Roberts
[Applause]
[Music]
but before we get into the mad light
today's video is sponsored by recon the
quality earbuds that have been endorsed
by people like Melissa Etheridge cardi B
and a slip dog they are very compact
very comfortable and felt very well even
in my back stupid ears completely
wireless no cords no wires there father
there's no risk of you choking yourself
unless you put them in your mouth don't
put them in your mouth
I will main when I am out running
errands or well I'm at the gym yes I do
go to the gym shut up they start at
about half the place of other premium
wireless earbuds on the marker they have
top quality audio in this model the e25
has sex levels of play tain seamless
bluetooth pairing and comes in a variety
of colors so if you would like 15% off
your bond then go to buy recon comm
slash daniela that is buy recon comm
slash daniela so if you want your own
pair of recons if you collect my link
down below you will get 15% off your
habla so please click the link and I
recommend that you do like I actually do
use these the very good Ross Ulbricht
was born in Austin Texas on the 27th of
March 1984 while growing up he had a
very normal very standard American
upbringing he attended school in Austin
Texas and he was also in the Boy Scouts
and he managed to reach the rank of
Eagle Scout
one thing about Ross Ulbricht is he was
very well educated he attended the
University of Texas will he achieved a
bachelor's degree in physics and then he
went on to Pennsylvania State University
where he studied a master's degree and
material science and engineering and he
was also studying crystallography it was
during his education the Ross Ulbricht
first became very interested and
libertarian economic theory and this was
primarily driven by his love for
political philosopher Ludwig von Mises
obrecht would very often take part in
university
debates arguing in favor of libertarian
economics the ability to be able to
trade goods and services without
government regulation after University
row select what and a bunch of regular
jobs but he found them really
unfulfilling he felt that his skills
were being completely wasted at these
regular jobs so he decided to try a
bunch of different career paths to see
if he could find one well he would be
able to use his full potential he tried
his hand at day trading he tried to open
a video game development studio and he
tried to open up an online used book
seller but sadly all of these ideas fell
through but Ross doesn't let any of that
put him off trying out new ideas and the
hope that has entrepreneurship would
eventually pay off he decided to combine
his entrepreneurship with his
libertarian ideas and he got the idea to
create something something he felt was
going to be revolutionary and he hunted
at this new project with a quote on his
length 10 page I am creating an economic
simulation to give people a first-hand
experience of what it would be like to
live in a world without the systemic use
of force there are all done or views
both Ross Ulbricht where he sort of
alludes to what he was working on but it
doesn't give away too much for obvious
reasons but you'll find out layer so in
February of 2011 Ross Ulbricht launched
his new project the Silk Road which was
named after the Silk Road trading group
that was used by merchants during the
Han Dynasty that stretched from China
all the way to Europe the Silk Road was
an online marketplace like eBay not
exactly like eBay but you know it
operated the same way and the only way
that you could access the Silk Road was
if you used the tor browser no for those
of you not on the nor the table is R
stands for The Onion Router and that is
a special browser that lets you access
those a
special parts of the Anton there that
you wouldn't be able to access with a
normal browser and the tor browser
allows you to access all of these parts
of the internet completely anonymously
also it's claimed and these special
secret little parts of the Anton there
that tor lets you look at are commonly
referred to as the darknet or the deep
web when it came to payment on the Silk
Road the soap drawer didn't use PayPal
or credit cards because these forms of
payments could be traced so instead the
Silk Road opted to use cryptocurrency
primarily back coin because these
transactions can be made anonymously and
that a lot harder if not impossible to
trace because one of the primary
concerns and reasons that the Silk Road
was formed was to protect the privacy
and security of his buyers and sales and
allow them to conduct their business
absolutely anonymously so that they were
protected from government regulation the
Silk Road started off play small with
only a limited number of sailor accounts
and if you wanted one of these accounts
you had to bet on them like an auction
but then as the safe started to grow
anyone could buy a sale at account by
simply paying a fixed fee and just like
any other online marketplace anytime a
sale was made the website itself would
get a small commission from each sale
and the funds from these Commission's
would go towards the operation of the
website and also Ross Ulbricht CENTCOM
in order to prevent scamming on the
website Ross Ulbricht adopted the escrow
account system which is the same system
that eBay and many other online
marketplaces have well when I buy or buy
something from a sailor the money is
held within an escrow account and then
when the buyer confirms that they have
received the item the money is then
released to the Sailor obviously this is
to prevent scamming there was even a
review system between a buyers and
sellers well you could leave good or bad
reviews for people you know you could
discuss things like was was payment
received promptly and on time that the
goods arrived all intact and good order
and quickly and the quality of the
ducked as well you know was that was it
was it all packaged very nicely it was
it was it was it nice was a good was it
cut within if someone was at that good
show was of that really really good show
you know that really really good stuff
that keeps you awake for like [__]
four days whoo it's drugs right but I
realize I look I know that you all know
what is so cruel there's rare but I'm
trying to build up the suspense and but
I wonder what it could be right I'm
trying to I'm trying to be theatrical
right just like the name review at the
start of the video like I do in the
premiere sorry I'm trying to build up
here I'm trying to be theatrical but you
all know what the Silk Road that's Freya
I know that you are not stupid therefore
I am sorry for huffing your intelligence
but for those of you that doesn't know
it's drugs right that's what ended up on
the website that's what almost 70 over
70 percent of the website became
comprised of drugs just just drugs right
I'm sorry it took me so long to build up
here but it's over now here we are let's
get any the [__] drugs the drugs
ended up becoming so numerous on the
website that they just go all given
their own subcategories so that you
could find it easier to navigate the
website and find the particular narcotic
that you were looking to trap absolute
balls on that evening things like
cannabinoids hallucinogens ecstasy
cocaine apples Daniels lefties righties
the drugs would always be sent by post
the buyers and sellers would never ever
meet in person obviously to prevent them
from being caught and arrested and a
sting operation and the website also
gave you this very handy dandy guide
teaching you how to package and vacuum
seal your products before you sent them
in the post so that you could avoid
detection
despite drugs making up the vast
majority of the items that were being
bought and sold on the Silk Road the
real other things that you could buy on
there you know some legal some not so
legal and this was things like jewelry
books clothing erotica fake driver's
licenses now there are a lot of
misconceptions as to what could be
bought and sold on
the cell grind and there's a lot of
people that still to this day think that
the website operated with absolutely no
rooms when that's not true the where
rooms on the Silk Road the rows well you
could not buy sell or trade anything
that could infringe on the rates of
others or bring harm to anyone which
means things like firearms had men for
higher child porn and stolen credit card
information could not be bought sold or
traded on the Silk Road I mean they were
libertarian but they still had rules
know that well other deep web websites
that dead allow you to buy and sell
these things places like the armory
black market reloaded and there was also
other copycat websites that were
pretending to be the Silk Road that
allowed you to buy and sell these things
and because of these copycat websites a
lot of people think that you could buy
and sell these things on the official
Silk Road when the truth is you actually
couldn't but because of these copycats
people still to this day say or you
could buy you could buy child porn you
could buy guns you could buy a hat man
on the Silk Road did not know you can
you can on the official Silk Road no you
could not but because of what these
copycats dead
everyone stoie that's de blames the sell
broad for that show so they say and just
a few months really exploded in
popularity with a lot of things being
bought and sold on the so broad the what
Claude ended up getting so much the Ross
Ulbricht had to hire administrators to
help him with managing and operate in
the website and whale Ross was operating
the website he used has no famous
pseudonym Dread Pirate Roberts the money
was pouring on and more and more people
were flocking to the Silk Road to use
its services and then in 2011
Gawker published an article talking
about the Silk Road and discussing its
nefarious and seedy practices and the
type of things that you could buy on now
you know which was a very bad idea it
was a bad idea you know if you tell
people that there was a place where they
can buy drugs
anonymously drastically reducing the
chances that they are gonna get caught
well guess what's gonna happen right all
that happened was attendance and usage
of the website skyrocketed because of
our article right if you don't want
people to use something like that then
do then don't do that then don't do that
you know it's like it's like when you
hear one of your one of your female
YouTube friends has had a nudes leaked
and you have to fill that hole oh my god
that's absolutely terrible what what
website or the being hosted on you know
just just just just so I know you know
what website to avoid that's that's
terrible that's awful this resulted and
an extreme amount of drugs being bought
and sold through the Silk Road as far
how much where we can get an avowed leal
but obviously whenever you create a
giant hub for the buying and selling of
illicit substances you are obviously
going to attract the attention of two
very very special agencies the DEA and
the FBI
the feds well aware of the Silk Roads
existence not long after it launched but
what they didn't expect and I bet what
Ross Ulbricht also didn't expect was for
the Sator absolutely explored and
popularity resulted in massive amounts
of narcotics being traded through the
Silk Road so the feds immediately
stepped up that investigation and to the
website the first thing that the feds
wanted to do was just shut the website
down the problem is whenever you host a
website on the Deep Web you don't know
where the servers are you don't even
know what country is being hosted and so
that makes it extremely difficult to get
a sales or shut down and also because
this was on the Tor network it was on
the Deep Web everyone was using the site
anonymously which made it extremely
difficult for the FBI in the DEA to
track down the buyers and sales so the
only thing that they could do and the
meantime until they had any more
concrete information was trying to
intercept packages between buyers and
sellers and on a few occasions the
intelligence agencies were successful
they managed to successfully enter set
packages of drugs between by
and sales and this resulted and many
drug dealers around the world from the
USA to New Zealand being caught and
arrested the cops would then seize the
computers access the so garuda cane and
try and gather as much information as
they could from despite all of that it
doesn't get the feds any closer to
shuttin down the Silk Road of
discovering the true identity of dread
pirate robots all they were doing was
dealing with the symptoms not the cause
and even after two three years of the
Silk Road being in operation they had
made absolutely no headway and crack in
the case until the administrators of the
Silk Road made a mistake the FBI claimed
that they were able to exploit a flaw
and the Silk Roads capture system and
through that floor they were able to
discover the soap frauds IP address and
found out that it was being hosted on a
salver and Reykjavik in Iceland shortly
after thus the Silk Road was brought
down in a DDoS attack now nobody knows
who actually did the DDoS attack nobody
has owned up to it to this day but Juden
has tamed the DEA were able to actually
seize $800 worth of Bitcoin from one of
the site's wallets
shortly after there's a man called Gary
Alphonse who was an IRS investigator are
working on behalf of the DEA on the Silk
Road case managed to find an old use on
them that had been used in the early
days of the sate a manager and the
notice that the sait had also been sort
of announced by someone using this use
on him and that user name was Altoid
Gary alpha then has detective work
managed to discover a post and a very
old forum it was someone who was asking
for programming help and thus someone
was using the username Altoid and so
people in the forum could contact him to
give him a sustance with his programming
needs Altoid left their email address
and this email address contained the
full name Ross Ulbricht
the feds immediately began surveillance
of Ross Ulbricht but they couldn't find
anything concrete that directly
connected them to the Silk Road they
thought about reading him but they
didn't do it because they were worried
that he had a kill switch installed on
his laptop which would either encrypt or
delete all of the data and therefore all
of the evidence and they were worried
that he would trigger this if he saw the
feds coming however in October of 2013
Ross Ulbricht was at the San Francisco
library doing some work on his laptop
and he had a bunch of people sitting
around them and just adjacent to him
there was a young couple setting who are
having a little bit of our domestic
dispute domestic dispute that seemed to
be quickly escalating and I actually get
in place aveer and Ross wanting to be a
good Samaritan wanted to go over and
defuse the situation before things got
too heated so Ross got up walked away
from his laptop to go over to this
couple to make sure that everything was
okay
what oberek doesn't know is that
everyone sitting around him was an
undercover agent even the young couple
who put on that little display to
distract Ross and lure him away from his
laptop as soon as Ross walked away from
his laptop the agent set next to him
immediately grabbed her and passed it to
another agent who inserted a USB M to it
that ran a program copy and key files to
her key files that contained evidence
suggesting that Ross Ulbricht was grad
pilot robots boom
they had him Ross Ulbricht was arrested
and taken to jail and now the feds had
full access to the Silk Road website so
they could know properly Philly
investigator and see just how deep this
rabbit hole went and all went deep
firstly the feds seized all of the
bitcoins that were being held and the
escrow wallets of the web site for
transactions that would
progress and enter to the back coin
seized just from this seizure at the
time were valued at 3.6 million dollars
then the Fed seized all of the bitcoins
that were held in Ross Ulbricht personal
wallet these well has personal profits
that he had made from the website and at
the time these bitcoins were valued and
total at twenty-eight point five million
dollars the feds
then started pouring through all of the
data that they could access on the
website by our account Saylor accounts
wallets transactions
absolutely everything just so they could
see exactly how much narcotics had been
traded through the soap rod the feds
knew that the Silk Road had become a big
deal they just didn't know truly how big
the Silk Road had become and they
gathered all of the data that they could
from the website and compiled it into a
report created by the FBI detailing all
of the totals of a certain things
throughout the websites entire operation
and just to make sure I get these
figures right I'm gonna read them here
from this last no just so you know these
are the totals from the just two years
that the website was an operation total
number of seller accounts three thousand
eight hundred and seventy-seven total
number of buyer accounts a hundred and
forty six thousand nine hundred and
forty six the buyer accounts were
located all over the world bar around a
third of them were from the United
States total number of transactions
completed on the website 1 million three
hundred and twenty nine thousand four
hundred and sixty-five the total revenue
generated from all sales name million
five hundred and nineteen thousand six
hundred and sixty-four BET coins at the
Bitcoin conversion rate at that time
that amount of Bitcoin converted them to
1.2 billion dollars
of revenue generated from all the sales
and the website itself made eighty
million dollars from the Commission's of
these sales now because the value of
Bitcoin is so volatile and changes all
the time the figure that I'm about to
give you by the time you see this video
is probably going to be incorrect but at
the time of rating this video that
amount of Bitcoin has actually worth
ninety billion dollars Oobleck was
indicted on charges of money laundering
computer hacking conspiracy to traffic
narcotics and also operating a criminal
empire which is known as the kingpin
charge and total Ross Ulbricht was
facing seven counts Ross Ulbricht was
also accused of soliciting mother
the FBI accused Ross Ulbricht of paying
roughly 1 million dollars to several
different hat men he arranged for the
models of five people but this
accusation absolutely fell apart because
the five people was still alive and
there was also no evidence whatsoever
that Ross Ulbricht had tried to do that
and to this day nobody's really sure
where that accusation came from so
ultimately solicitation of mother was
never added to the list of charges and
to this day a lot of people still say
that that was just some complete
[__] from the FBI at the start of
the trial Ross Ulbricht had methods that
he was the founder of the Silk Road
website but he claimed that a few months
after it launched he transferred
ownership of the website to other
administrators now even though Dread
Pirate Roberts was the primary
administrator account
Ross claimed that the secound was
actually ran by several different people
people who were Satan on Ross Ulbricht
as the fall guy for some really strange
reason the courts didn't just refused to
hear any of this they also banned any
mention of any of the names of the other
people allegedly operating the Silk Road
through the Dread Pirate Roberts admin
account and the court even says there
mention of the names of these people
would be stricken from the record now
I'm not sure what that was but now that
Ken against the noggin jog in a little
during the trial itself the judge was
getting death threats and also someone
managed to Philly docks huh and actually
posted her social security number and
her full home address on heaven wacky
which is sort of a Deep Web hub site I
don't want to go too much and but other
funny things that came out in the trial
was some FBI DEA and even Secret Service
agents they actually got in a lot of
trouble it seems that during the
investigation some of them had been in
contact with Oobleck and offered to give
him information you know and say that
I'm foe on the investigation that was
going on in exchange for money so Ross
Ulbricht paid them and back coin and
these agents instead just they kept the
money they're saying they got resulted
in a bunch of agents being investigated
arrested and their friend Joey some just
lost their jobs some went to present the
trial lasted for about a month and
before sentence and Albrecht sent a
letter to the judge and he stated that
he founded the Silk Road on the
libertarian idealism and that it was
supposed to be a tool for people to make
their own choices without state
intervention or regulation provided they
did not bring harm to others he admitted
though that creating the Silk Road was a
mistake that had ruined his life
despite this the jury found Ross
Ulbricht guilty on all seven counts and
then Ross Ulbricht get handed one of the
most brutal present sentences that I
have ever seen double life plus 40 years
without the possibility of parole I mean
there are child models that don't even
get that like that that is probably
apart from you know the lateral death
sentence
like that is one of the most brutal
sentences I think that's a serial-killer
sentence like that is a [__] serial
killer sentence like Allen better
understand why the courts think what
Ross Ulbricht ed was bad lately it's not
double life plus for it without parole
but bill blips lawyers have been trying
the best even know to this day T appeal
against his sentence but they've had
their appeal slap down every time
they've even had it appealed by the
Supreme Court even though they're trying
the hardest they just can't get any of
the higher courts to take that appeal
seriously can relate well as I say can
relate I mean I got any one hundred
pound fine you know I've I have a
[__] cheek to talk I mean I'm not I'm
not doing a double life at plus forty
but they put all right
an 800 pound fame fame okay you know
what they think I'll take it
people have also tried to do petitions
to Donald Trump to get in to grant
clemency to Ross Ulbricht but all of
these attempts have failed so unless
someone high up does something Ross
Ulbricht is gonna die in jail and the
aftermath of that a lot of copycat
websites dead pop up on the Deep Web
places like the New Silk Road or Silk
Road 2.0 but these obviously had nothing
at all to do with Ross Ulbricht all of
these websites eventually failed either
through getting shot down by the FBI
lack of funds or in some instances there
but actually scams where the owners of
the websites just stealing all of the
money that was in the escrow accounts
that are stole marketplaces like this
out there on the Deep Web but none of
them have ever achieved the type of
glory that the Silk Road was able to
achieve no do you wanna know what I
think
of course you do you like being mad
don't you the war on drugs was lost
decades ago the war on drugs has been an
absolute failure we have intelligence
agencies worth
in dollar budgets dedicated specifically
to fighting against this type of thing
and yet it still happens you cut off the
head of the Hydra and sex grow back
it doesn't walk okay you've tried you've
poured money in here you've gave
millions of people in prison and yet it
still happens you know drugs taste like
prostitution there are just some things
that are always going to be around no
there is an argument to be made in favor
of the Silk Road as the narcotics trade
is something that whether you like or
not is always going to happen the Silk
Road off of a non-violent alternative
for such a thing to take place
everybody's held the horror stories of a
drug deal gone wrong someone getting
mobbed all over a drug there but what
the Silk Road things like that couldn't
happen you know drug deals couldn't go
wrong because the buyers and sellers
never ever met in person and the money
was always held in an escrow account to
make sure that no funny business gets
happen and people were in getting
muddled over drug deaths because the so
crude what like any other shop no money
no product and even if for some reason
someone on the website dead want to harm
you they would have absolutely no idea
who you are because it was done
completely anonymously so I know there
are gonna be a lot of disagreements
about this but and that aspect there's a
lot over of an argument to be made and
favor of the Silk Roads
I just feel right now as the drug trade
whether you like or not is something
that's always going to happen instead of
continuing the failed war on drugs and
putting Marines and people in jail we
instead seek out alternatives to make
the industry a lot safer and a lot less
violent okay I mean I would love to live
in a world where drug dealers settled
their disputes and civil court instead
of with drive-by shootings but that's
just me as for Ross Ulbricht sense I
care
we feel that the man is lambda's lesson
but I'm not going to make any kind of
comment on what I think should happen to
him pardon but shout thank you on
YouTube her vices subscribe
[Music]